README.md, before:

# MindaGap
   Takes a single panorama image and fills the empty grid lines with neighbour-weighted values.
   Small box sizes yield limited results but work the best with a high loop number (like 40).  Increase boxsize to overcome bigger gaps.
   
   
INSTALLATION 
------------    

 - You need a terminal and Python installed. If you don't, do the following:
   - I recommend the [git bash](https://github.com/git-for-windows/git/releases/download/v2.37.2.windows.2/Git-2.37.2.2-64-bit.exe) terminal. Download and install it.
   - Right click on any folder you want to work on. A new option exists "Git Bash here", click there. A bash terminal is open.
   - Type python and enter. An automatic windows prompt allows you to install it.
   - Enter this in the bash terminal: ```echo "alias python=' winpty python.exe'" >> ~/.bashrc ; source ~/.bashrc```

- To install the python dependencies, enter the following on the terminal:

```pip3 install tifffile opencv-python  ```

- Install MindaGap:

``` cd ; mkdir Programs; cd Programs ```     
``` git clone https://github.com/ViriatoII/MindaGap/  ```


   
USAGE  
-----------
Open git bash terminal on your desired directory and run:    
 ```python ~/Programs/MindaGap/mindagap.py  <INPUT_PANORAMA.tif>```

      Optional parameters:
      <BOXSIZE> Default 3. A larger number allows to overcome large gaps, but makes looses fine details in new filled grid.      
      <LOOPNUM> Default 40. A smaller number is faster, but the result is less good.       
      --edges <True|False> is optional parameter to blur area around grid, for smoother transitions between tiles with different exposures (EXPERIMENTAL).   
   
   
Create RGB composite panorama from gapfilled images  
-----------
Use the extra script, like this:

 ```python ~/Programs/MindaGap/rgb_from_z_tiles.py  -b <DAPI.tiff> -r <red_channel.tiff> -g <constructive_green_channel.tiff>  ```



    27/06/2022
    Ricardo Guerreiro
    Resolve Biosciences
    
    

Docker  
-----------
To use MindaGap with Docker, you can follow the steps below to build the Docker image and then execute the script using a docker container with all required dependencies available:

```
## Clone this git repository
git clone https://github.com/ViriatoII/MindaGap.git
cd MindaGap

## Build docker image
docker build -t mindagap .

## Test that docker build worked successfully
docker run --rm -it mindagap:latest \
python /mindagap/mindagap.py
```

Commit message:

Update README.md (#5)
Added command for pulling docker image from Dockerhub.

README.md, after:

# MindaGap
   Takes a single panorama image and fills the empty grid lines with neighbour-weighted values.
   Small box sizes yield limited results but work the best with a high loop number (like 40).  Increase boxsize to overcome bigger gaps.
   
   
INSTALLATION 
------------    

 - You need a terminal and Python installed. If you don't, do the following:
   - I recommend the [git bash](https://github.com/git-for-windows/git/releases/download/v2.37.2.windows.2/Git-2.37.2.2-64-bit.exe) terminal. Download and install it.
   - Right click on any folder you want to work on. A new option exists "Git Bash here", click there. A bash terminal is open.
   - Type python and enter. An automatic windows prompt allows you to install it.
   - Enter this in the bash terminal: ```echo "alias python=' winpty python.exe'" >> ~/.bashrc ; source ~/.bashrc```

- To install the python dependencies, enter the following on the terminal:

```pip3 install tifffile opencv-python  ```

- Install MindaGap:

``` cd ; mkdir Programs; cd Programs ```     
``` git clone https://github.com/ViriatoII/MindaGap/  ```


   
USAGE  
-----------
Open git bash terminal on your desired directory and run:    
 ```python ~/Programs/MindaGap/mindagap.py  <INPUT_PANORAMA.tif>```

      Optional parameters:
      <BOXSIZE> Default 3. A larger number allows to overcome large gaps, but makes looses fine details in new filled grid.      
      <LOOPNUM> Default 40. A smaller number is faster, but the result is less good.       
      --edges <True|False> is optional parameter to blur area around grid, for smoother transitions between tiles with different exposures (EXPERIMENTAL).   
   
   
Create RGB composite panorama from gapfilled images  
-----------
Use the extra script, like this:

 ```python ~/Programs/MindaGap/rgb_from_z_tiles.py  -b <DAPI.tiff> -r <red_channel.tiff> -g <constructive_green_channel.tiff>  ```



    27/06/2022
    Ricardo Guerreiro
    Resolve Biosciences
    
    

Docker  
-----------
To use MindaGap with Docker, you can pull the prebuild docker image from Dockerhub or follow the steps below to build the Docker image.

You can then execute the script using a docker container with all required dependencies available:

```
## Pull the prebuild docker image from Docker hub
docker pull rguerr/mindagap:latest
```

```
#### To build the docker image yourself
## Clone this git repository
git clone https://github.com/ViriatoII/MindaGap.git
cd MindaGap

## Build docker image
docker build -t mindagap .

## Test that docker build worked successfully
docker run --rm -it mindagap:latest \
python /mindagap/mindagap.py
```
